**Procedure (1-2 paragraphs) - Explain the function(s) and algorithm(s) you used in solving the problem. Discuss the different parameter values you tried and the reason for choosing them. How did you achieve the objective of the problem?**

There are two functions, {\texttt{jpeg\_8x8.m}} and {\texttt{simple\_mpeg.m}}, that are supplied from this laboratory exercise as a guide to modify two incomplete functions, {\texttt{djpeg\_8x8.m}} and {\texttt{simple\_dmpeg.m}}, that effectively decode an image and a video.  We first focused on {\texttt{djpeg\_8x8.m}} that implements the decoding process for the image. It first copies the DC coefficient to the quantized coefficient array. The first and second element or index in the array is the DC while the rest are the AC coefficients. Which is to be used for iterating the array in zig-zag pattern where the AC coefficient index is assigned to the quantized array while ensuring the direction. Where its next step is to acquire its quantization scale factor to determine the level of compression applied to the coefficients in the array. We then perform the inverse quantization step in the JPEG decoding process. It reconstructs the original DCT coefficients from the quantized coefficients by applying the quantization table and the Q scale factor. The result would be then a matrix that represents a reconstructed DCT coefficients which will be used for IDCT. In the final step, we use the inverse discrete cosine transform to convert the frequency coefficients back into pixel values. This process, performed with the help of the idct() function from the signal processing toolbox, allows us to reconstruct the 8x8 image block tile to its original form. 

**Results & Discussion (2-5 paragraphs) - Show sample image inputs/outputs of your program and discuss how your outputs change depending on the selected parameters or configurations. Why do you think your program gives these outputs based on certain parameters? Experiment on images (say, from Google) which are not provided for in the assignment.**

**Comments & Conclusion (1-2 paragraphs) - Comment on the best parameters or configurations that give the optimal output. In addition, discuss the limitations of your program. Explain what can be done further to improve the output.**