**Procedure (1-2 paragraphs) - Explain the function(s) and algorithm(s) you used in solving the problem. Discuss the different parameter values you tried and the reason for choosing them. How did you achieve the objective of the problem?**

We used the wiener_deblur function for image deblurring using the Wiener deconvolution method. This function is already supplied however it is incomplete. We need to modify the wiener_deblur function to implement Wiener Deconvolution method. Inside the wiener_deblur function, we used the functions floor(), padarray(), zeros(), abs(), ifft2(), real(), and ifftshift(). The remaining functions, edgetaper() and fft2(), are already supplied. The floor() function is used to get the floor values of the padding size. The padarray function is used to pad zeros to the blur kernel. The zeros function is used to instantiate an array of zeros. The absolute function is used to ensure that only magnitude is used for the inverse filter. The inverse fast fourier transformation 2 function is used to convert an image from spatial domain to the frequency domain. The real function is used to extract the real values used for the final deblurred image. And the inverse fast fourier transform shift or inverse zero-frequency shift is used to shift the zero-frequency component of the DFT to the center of the array effectively shifting the image back to its original position putting the image back in the top-left corner.

The algorithm Wiener deconvolution is used to remove the blurriness from an image caused by a known blur kernel. The code modifications we have added focuses on the main steps by zero padding, inverse filtering, image reconstruction, and spatial delay handling. To begin, the initial step involves applying zero padding to the blur kernel. This adjustment ensures that the kernel matches the size of the input image. This serves the purpose of convenient element-wise multiplication in the frequency domain. Although, Wiener deconvolution does not require zero padding, this step simply adds ease or convenience when dealing with the next steps. We then compute for the Fast Fourier Transform representation of the blur kernel. Next step is to compute wiener inverse filter through this formula




**Results & Discussion (2-5 paragraphs) - Show sample image inputs/outputs of your program and discuss how your outputs change depending on the selected parameters or configurations. Why do you think your program gives these outputs based on certain parameters? Experiment on images (say, from Google) which are not provided for in the assignment.**

**Comments & Conclusion (1-2 paragraphs) - Comment on the best parameters or configurations that give the optimal output. In addition, discuss the limitations of your program. Explain what can be done further to improve the output.**