CMSC 124 Problem Set 2  
**Topic Coverage**: Syntax and Semantics

----

# 1. Give some reasons why languages such as BASIC have restricted forms of identifier.
The restriction exist to avoid confusion in reading and writing the language, and also provides an easier way to parse the code. Some programming languages have restrictions to using only a character or few as an identifier due to certain hardware limitations in the past. The reserved keywords or identifiers exist to also serve as the language's syntax.

# 2. When readability and writability are enhanced, ease of translation suffers as a result. Why is that?
This would mean that there are more rules to comply in writing the compiler or intepreter increasing its difficulty since the syntaxes are more oriented towards people instead of the machine.

# 3. Why is it important for a language to be unambiguous?
Unambiguous grammar for a language lowers the level of difficulty in parsing the language by the compiler. This guarantees the language to be context-free and deterministic. However, as time progresses and the functionality of the language improves, ambiguity will slowly form but that is not a bad thing as most programming languages are not context-free grammar.

# 4. Consider the following BNF grammar rules:
```
S ::= [A,S] | A  
A ::= C | S  
C ::= x | y | z
```
## Which of the following strings are derivable by the grammar? Show their derivations if they are derivable.
```
a. Z  
b. (x)  
c. [y]  
d. ([x,y])  
e. [x,(y)]  
f. [[x,y],[y,z]]
```
```
a. Cannot be derived (Z not in grammar)
b. Cannot be derived (parenthesis not in grammar)
c. Cannot be derived (brackets must contain 2 C definitions)
d. Cannot be derived (parenthesis not in grammar)
e. Cannot be derived (parenthesis not in grammar)
f. Can be derived (solution below)
```
```
f.
S       ::= [A,S] | A
		::= [A,S]
		::= [S,S]
		::= [[A,S],S]
		::= [[C,S],S]
		::= [[x,S],S]
		::= [[x,A],S]
		::= [[x,C],S]
		::= [[x,y],S]
		::= [[x,y],S]
		::= [[x,y],[A,S]]
		::= [[x,y],[C,A]]
		::= [[x,y],[y,C]]
		::= [[x,y],[y,z]]
```

# 5. Consider the following grammar:
```
<S> → <A>a<B>b  
<A> → <A>b | b  
<B> → b
```
## Which of the following sentences are in the language generated by this grammar? Show derivations if they are derivable.
```
a. babb  
b. bbbabb  
c. bbaaaaabc  
d. aaaaaa
```
```
a. babb

<S> → <A>a<B>b
	→ ba<B>b
	→ babb
```
```
b. bbbabb

<S> → <A>a<B>b
	→ <A>abb
	→ <A>babb
	→ <A>bbabb
	→ bbbabb
```
```
c. cannot be derived 
d. cannot be derived 
```

# 6. Write a grammar for the language consisting of strings that have n copies of the letter a followed by one or more number of copies of the letter b, where *n>0*. For example, the strings `abb`, `aaaabbbbb` and `aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbb` are in the language, but `a`, `ab`, `ba` and `aaabb` are not.

# 7. Prove that the following grammar is ambiguous:
```
<S>  → <A>  
<A>  → <A> + <A> | <id>  
<id> → a | b | c
```
